We love our conventions and assemblies.
We praise Jehovah and feed at his table
with hundreds of our brothers and sisters.
Many of our brothers and sisters
in rural areas of Africa
attend assemblies and conventions
in open-air meeting places.
Sadly,
at times the conditions are not favorable,
making it difficult to fully benefit
from the spiritual food.
But at Isaiah 49:15, Jehovah says:
“Can a woman forget her nursing child
“or have no compassion
for the son of her womb?
“Even if these women forget,
I would never forget you.”
Jehovah has shown his love
to our brothers and sisters in Africa
in a special way.
How was this done?
What were the challenges
that made this situation so dire?
One of the challenges
the brothers have to face
is the distance that they have to travel
to get to the Assembly Hall.
In some parts of the country,
there’s no reliable transportation,
so the brothers either have to hire a truck
or they have to use a bicycle,
and in some cases,
they even have to walk long distances
—sometimes even between four to six hours.
It was a huge challenge to attend
a regional convention.
First, we started saving up ahead of time
to get the money for transportation and lunch
for the three days of the convention.
But if we could not find the money,
we would go by foot,
carrying chairs on our heads
and food in our hands.
And sometimes after arriving,
you were so tired.
You could not concentrate
on what the brothers were teaching
because you were sweating
and incredibly tired.
When the brothers and sisters
attend outdoor assemblies,
they are exposed to a number of challenges.
During the rainy season
when there is a big storm,
it can completely stop the program
for a while.
Sometimes when it rained, everyone had
to leave their spot to hide somewhere.
Imagine you had someone there
that you invited,
and then when the rain started,
they had to run and hide somewhere.
We were sad and ashamed to invite people.
In many cases, the brothers
just have to sit on the ground.
Some will sit on small stones
or on a mat or on a piece of cloth,
and they have to bear the heat of the sun
because there is no proper shade
or just a simple grass structure
over their heads.
These structures did not really protect us,
because in the heat, we really suffered;
we moved from one place to another.
If the heat followed,
we would move again to another spot.
The teaching
and spiritual instruction suffers.
The brothers and sisters cannot concentrate
on closely following the program.
To address these challenges,
the Publishing Committee
of the Governing Body asked
the Global Purchasing and Regional
Design/Construction departments
to work with various branches
to improve the situation.
The goal was to provide
dignified places of worship
where our brothers and sisters could enjoy
this spiritual learning environment
with minimal distractions.
The branches provided input
of exactly what the situation was
—showed some pictures,
showed what the challenges are,
and in what areas at this moment
these assemblies are being held.
One of the requirements
that they put in there was
that they wanted to be able
to build it up quickly
and also to disassemble it quickly
so that it could be moved
to another assembly site.
And with that information,
we worked together with RDC
to see what was something
that fit in a cost-effective way.
And one option that we had from a supplier
was a standard tent,
and one was a customized shade structure.
So after the approval was received
from these branches
and also from the Publishing Committee,
we started to place the orders
and work together with the branches
to get them actually on site.
As these projects were implemented,
a training program was also started.
Using qualified trainers,
some local construction servants
were trained to safely install, pack,
and maintain the tents.
These construction servants then trained
local congregation publishers to do the same.
The training provided was so effective
that in some cases
tents for an entire venue of 2,000 seats
were put up in just one day!
It’s a very simple structure
with a little shade material over it
so that the brothers and sisters
can sit in the shade,
or if there’s heavy rain,
they have a nice place
where they can follow the program
without much distraction
and can really see all the videos
that the Governing Body
provides at this moment.
Seeing how different departments
and branches worked together
—the willing and happy spirit
of all involved,
especially the local brothers—
was clear evidence of Jehovah’s blessing
on this project.
Truly, this is a special gift from Jehovah!
It is truly encouraging to see
how Jehovah blessed the collaboration
and hard work of so many.
This loving provision from Jehovah
has touched the hearts
of our brothers and sisters.
What I can say?
What I really feel deep inside on this matter
when I see what Jehovah has done for us
—the beautiful assembly site and nice shade,
when I see brothers and sisters
safe from sun and rain—
I feel that Jehovah has dignified us.
I have seen Jehovah’s great love for us;
it is amazing.
Before, we never imagined
that we could attend
a convention at a good place like this,
but seeing this provision
helps us to understand
that Jehovah loves us so much.
We are so happy
because the place is attractive.
There are nice places to sit, and now we
can invite anyone to come attend with us.
We do not need to imagine someone we invited
having to run and hide if it rains.
We no longer feel ashamed or scared
to invite people because we know
that they can stay in their place
the whole time.
After all, this place has truly become
very beautiful.
I thank Jehovah so much.
I also thank the Governing Body
for helping us get
such a beautiful Assembly Hall.
We do not have to go back and forth
with chairs on our heads anymore.
We have good seats
that allow us to concentrate
on what Jehovah is teaching us.
Thank you so much, dear brothers.
There is a growing demand
for these facilities.
Over 100 more sites in Africa
are needed right now.
It is our privilege
to support this initiative
with our personal prayers and donations.
For Jehovah, no location
is too remote.
He does not forget his people.
He uses his organization
to provide what they need
at the right place and at the right time.